README.md, before:

# Chiseled!

Minecraft has a lot of Chiseled variants of its decorative blocks, but they're all a bit different and don't fit with each other.

Some have a monster's face on, others just have a pattern. Some have a smooth and unchiseled top but others have the design on all faces. With this resource pack, all of the Chiseled blocks feature the face of a common enemy on them, as well as a uniform design.

```
Chiseled Block          Vanilla Mob         Changed to

Nether Bricks           Wither Skelly       Wither Skelly
Blackstone              Piglin              Piglin
Quartz                  —                   Ghast
Sandstone               Creeper             Creeper
Red Sandstone           Wither              Skeleton
Stone                   —                   Zombie
Deepslate               Weird Thing         Enderman
```

## License
This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Initial commit from bedrock mcpack

README.md, after:

# Chiseled!

Minecraft has a lot of Chiseled variants of its decorative blocks, but they're all a bit different and don't fit with each other.

Some have a monster's face on, others just have a pattern. Some have a smooth and unchiseled top but others have the design on all faces. With this resource pack, all of the Chiseled blocks feature the face of a common enemy on them, as well as a uniform design.

```
Chiseled Block          Vanilla Mob         Changed to

Nether Bricks           Wither Skelly       Wither Skelly
Blackstone              Piglin              Piglin
Quartz                  —                   Ghast
Sandstone               Creeper             Creeper
Red Sandstone           Wither              Skeleton
Stone                   —                   Zombie
Deepslate               Weird Thing         Enderman
```

## Bedrock Port
The Bedrock port was created for me by [NeraWoowty](https://www.planetminecraft.com/member/neraminusminus/). [Contact them](https://nerawoowty.github.io/contact.html) regarding it, as I do not have much experience with Bedrock RPs.


## License
This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
